Social Distancing Log: Isaiah Pettingill: 2020 Cornoavirus Pandemic

Day 1: Mar 14
	Social Distancing has begun. Our first roll of toilet paper has run out.
	We might be doomed except we have a lot of tp in storage.

	Despite our fears, we still went to clean the Church. 
	We also celebrated Phebe's birthday, making the day exciting overall. 
	I think if we keep up the morale, we will be able to make it. 

Week 1
Day 2: Mar 15
	Home Church.
	Home sacrament meeting was great. We had the Spirit, wore ties, and were all late. All as usual.
	Maybe social distancing won't be that bad.
	After all, I never really go anywhere anyway. Except school and church.

Day 3: Mar 16
	Work.
	My dad put us to work at his office. Me and my brothers are the offical coronavirus janitorial service.
	Since he is the CEO, nobody is here except for us and the company across the hall. 
	We just have to stay at least six feet from them and not touch our faces.
	At least the office has toilet paper and hand sanitizer. Those are hot commodities right now.
	
Day 4: Mar 17
	Did a Costco trip last night. They limited the number of people in the building, so you waited outside
	for a few. Not as busy as we thought, though, once you got inside. 
	Bought a bunch of stuff to freeze dry. People probably thought we were hoarders, but we have a big family, two refridgerators, and three freezers.
	We're pretty much ready for the apocalypse.
	School Tomorrow. We'll see how it goes.

Day 5: Mar 18
	This morning as we were reading about the world burning in Jacob 5, an earthquake shook our house. It's probably a call to repentance.
	Later, we evacuated the office on false alarm for a 9.0 earthquake predicted in 30 minutes.
	Turns out you can't predict earthquakes.
	
Day 6: Mar 19
	The world isn't over yet. Turns out most of my friends are still alive as well. Met some of them in online classes.

Day 7: Mar 20
	Me and Ezra came to work, Gabe stayed home because school was out. Still can't figure out how to distribute the app to iOS.
	We have been washing our hands often.
	Orbited Jool and Moho in KSP. Brought Jebediah, Carol, and Bonnie back to life through modifyting the persistent.sfs.

Day 8: Mar 21
	I'm starting to have dreams about social distancing. Last night I dreampt that Mr. Swenson was feeding spaghetti to the entire choir.
	I spilled spaghetti on the girl's white shirt who was sitting next to me.
	I kept apologizing, and she kept telling me it was ok. 
	My dad says he can tell me what the dream means if I tell him how I feel about the girl.
	I told him that I am just glad that didn't happen in real life.
	He then told me about the time someone did that in real life. On Prom date.

	Costco was a nightmare in my waking hours. We took hand sanitizer and wipes in our holsters and washed our clothes when we were done.
	There was a Soviet-Union-sized line that snaked from the enterance all the way around to the gas station 
	then back around to the tire center. We waited for half an hour then went into the anyway crouded store. Statistically, somebody
	in that building had the virus. We went though, because next week it will only be worse. 
	IFA employees didn't even practice social distancing. Sort of terrifying when people are too close.
	I am beginning to wonder what post-Corona society will look like. 

Week 2
Day 9: Sunday, Mar 22
	I really could get used to church at home. It's really quite nice. No handshakes, no nasty Wonder bread, no presidency meetings.
	It's nice, even  if it would be nicer to go like Reepicheep and sail into Aslan's country.
	Either way, God is good.

Day 10: Mar 23 
	Our app still will not publish
	We are moving on to a new project, building a site for Darin Humphries. Should be cool.

Day 11: Mar 24
	Been listening to Unbroken. Social distancing is a cake walk compared to the life of a POW in WWII Japan.
	I'm grateful for what people have gone through so that I can have freedom and do things like attend Seminary online.

Day 12: Mar 25
	Again I've been having dreams about going to school.
	This time I was in some class trying to find a place to hide my banjo.
	In real life, I discovered that Flutter works on the web as well.
	
Day 13: Mar 26
	Adam Johnson played a Kahoot and didn't even make the top three. The world really is coming to an end.

Day 14: Mar 27
	Set off about 7 cattails today.
	Throwing them at a brick wall is highly effective.

Day 15: Mar 28
	Planted part of the garden today. We should survive right nicely.
	Got to use the new tiller.

Week 3
Day 16: Sunday, Mar 29
	Today my dad got sick. Not corona, so we were all fine.	
	Slept in the longest I have in years. 8:30 AM.

Day 17: Mar 30
	Ran out of another roll of tp this morning.
	We might be doomed to create improvised bidets.

Day 19: Mar 31
	The freeways are uncharacteristically empty.
	I also just discovered that Coach Smith gave us a workout program. Who would've known?
	Ezra and I started working out, though. We'll be buff by the time we get back into society.

Day 20: Apr 1
	Tried to practice virtual choir outside. 
	The neighbors' chickens got the vibe and sang as well.
	Wind was crazy this evening. We had to take down the greenhouse to prevent it from going to meet those chickens.

Day 21: Apr 2
	Dynamically warmed up in front of the building today. People gave us weird looks. We just kept doing it.
	Also forgot that I had history class. Turns out I missed Tuesday as well.
	I guess that's ok. Someday we'll know how to be perfect (not to mention why Samson loved Delilah).

Day 22: Apr 3
	I've had more school dreams. This time the Quinn's stole supplies from some place at school and smuggled them to 
	an impoverished village. Then there was an assembly and a little kid with a sword (the youngest of the Wares,
	who, in this dream, told me that Sarah was her little sister). It was a little weird. 
	I think it means my subconscious mind still runs while I sleep, and that said subconscious is highly illogical.
	Go figure.

	We went to get my dad's desk from his work and met some druggies in his parking lot who had never heard of the virus.
	That was a weird conversation.

Day 23: Apr 4
	General Conference, day 1
	The Spirit is strong with Conference.
	We're being asked to fast on Friday for this pandemic to get under control. 

	It'll be too bad when this is over. 
	We'll go back to shaking hands at church and I'll have to stop keeping my journal.

	I did a dumb. I left the keys in the truck yesterday.
	I guess I'll have to learn to be more responsible.

Week 4
Day 24: Apr 5
	Sunday, Conference, day 2
	I feel like the prophets are calling us to take Sprituality up to the next level	
	My brain did a kaboom when President Nelson announced temples in Dubai and Shanghai. 
	New proclamation issued by the prophet as well. 
	This is certainly a historical conference.
	The Lord is hastening His work.

Day 25: Apr 6
	Spring Break, day 1
	Last night I dreamed that Evan stole my banjo because I didn't lock the case.
	I think my dreams are becoming more real and less realistic at the same time.

	Sometimes songs on the radio talk about being close, kissing, holding hands, and all that crap. 
	I think the post-corona music industry will sing about being five feet apart, sending each other kissing emojis, then washing their hands.
	People also will not touch each others faces to flirt, drink from the same cup, or schnog in public. 
	If we're really lucky, kids will stop eating their boogers and sucking their thumbs. That's a stretch though. 
	If I'm correct, post-corona society will be much nicer for those with any sense of personal space and/or public decensy.

	Played too much Kerbal. Created two kerbals named Bruno Duna and Sean Mendez and landed them permanantly on Duna.
	Had an egg drop contest with Sputniks. That was also fun.

Day 26: Apr 7
	Spring Break, day 2
	Tried to record some loops. Still really hard.
	Also spent some time coding a voice recognition app in Python. Sort of like an extra stupid Siri.
	Ezra launched an exercise band into a tree. Spent 15 minutes of our workout getting it down.

Day 27: Apr 8
	Spring Break, day 3
	Weeded the garden today.
	Also shopped at Macey's. Everyone was wearing masks.
	
	My phone finally bit the dust. 8 years and it threw in the towel. It comes back on in spurts, but it's fading rapidly.
	Good thing I don't really need it during quarantine/spring break.
	
Day 28: Apr 9
	Spring Break, day 4
	My phone returned from the dead today. Works as well as it used to.
	Got to play my banjo for a while. I even made my broken tuner work (sort of).
	Preparing to fast tomorrow. 
	Should be interesting to see what miracles come from a church-wide fast.

Day 29: Apr 10
	World Wide Fast for Relief
	Been a long day fasting. Pretty hungry, but glad to be doing the right thing.

Day 30: Apr 11
	Saturday
	Did chores, etc.	

Week 5
Day 31: Apr 12
	Easter Sunday
	Really nice day.
	Ate good food. Stayed home.	

Day 32: Apr 13
	Cleaned out 20 year old hair from the donwstairs drain tub. Had to use my hands to get a part that the wire hanger wouldn't.
	That was truly one of the nastiest things I've ever touched.

	We wraped our fruit trees to prevent them from freezing.
	They look like giant spider cocoons of cotton candy.

Day 33: Apr 14
	Tuesday.
	Started putting the day of the week in my social distancing log headings.

	Decided that if I ever want to do family history, I need to schedule a time.
	I'll be doing it on Thursday from 3:00-4:00.
	Maybe next week, I'll become a last-Thursdayist and wonder if I ever actually worked on family history.
	This could be evidence that the world exists now, or it was actually created tomorrow and these memories are being synthesiesed
	as part of the experiment.

Day 34: Apr 15
	Wednesday.
	Went to the school to get some books for English Class. Wore a mask. Made sure not to make eye contact with people.
	Eye contact spreads corona.

	School is officially online until the end of May.
	I'll bet church won't start up again until the late summer or fall.

Day 35: Apr 16
	
	
