<header>
    Your Search for Meaning: A Letter to Potential Future Familial Humans
    April 23, 2020.
    Lehi, UT
    Isaiah Pettingill
</header>

<sources>
    Isaiah Pettingill Coronavirus Social Distancing Log (https://bit.ly/2XFgq6v, accessed April 23, 2020).
        <cite alias = "log" enumerable = "entry">
</sources>

<letter>
    During a period of time in the year 2020 A.D., as I am sure you know, the entire planet went into a global pandemic. Immediately, people stormed Costco for toilet paper, hand sanitizer, flour, and water bottles. Don’t ask me why they bought water bottles. Soon a new protocol was announced by the government of the state: “Social Distancing”. This entailed maintaining a 6-foot distance from other humans, staying home when possible, and closing all non-essential business, including school (the entire federal government ought to have shut down, seeing as how their business is some of the lease essential, but I digress).
    As we began to be homeschooled, and to hunker down, we began as well to search for new sources of meaning in our lives. Some took to Minecraft, others to Kerbal Space Program, and even others to watching tons of TV. After a week of not finding true fulfilment in entertainment, most of us (not all of us) began to seek a deeper sort of meaning: we went to the store to buy tons of sardines, garlic, and onions. We decided to eat all the delicious foods that make people not like your smell because, heck, we were practicing social distancing! I stopped shaving after a week or two. Because we were all geeks, we were just fine to stay home and code computers, play RPG’s, or just sit around and read.
    Despite our geekiness, we soon found that a dark cloud of harsh reality began to settle down. It was ok, since rain, of course, waters the garden. Despite our general optimism (most of us had it although some struggled more than others), we found that it was rough not being able to see our friends. Over the summer, it had always been just fine not to see our friends, as we knew we would see them next year. Plus, we worked over the summer do didn’t have much time to think about friends. This was different. We were doing school, seeing their faces over zoom, trying to communicate with them via Slack (a text messaging system optimized for offices), and it just wasn’t the same. Seeing faces over zoom is like seeing those Harry Potter pictures where they move. They’re there, but not quite real. Texting is the gluten free bread of communication. No matter what you do to make it more interesting, you still lose the most delicious parts.
    Because of this issue, and others, my brothers became a great source of friendship to me. (My sisters as well, but I end up doing more for them than verse vica, due to their age and size). My family has become closer and more obnoxious, but more loved and loving at the same time. We have endured shopping trips together, exercised together, listened to books and watched weird movies together. Most importantly, we have lived and taught the gospel together.
    One of the best things about social distancing is home church. A certain unique manifestation of the Holy Spirit happens when a father leads his family in a sacred ordinance authorized by the prophet of God. My brothers and I each get to take a part in preparing, blessing, and passing the sacrament. We all study together and bear testimony to each other. We work together to minister to our elderly neighbors and grandparents. We fast together on invitation from the prophet. We rejoice together in the announcement of new temples. 
    At the time of writing, there is still a pandemic going on. We are still social distancing. Our grandma is in the hospital with a heart problem and nobody can go and visit her. That dark cloud still looms overhead, but there is a ray of light shining through on the horizon. The Lord is hastening His work. He is calling us to Hear Him. He his making bare His holy arm in the eyes of all the nations, and all the ends of the earth are beginning to see the Salvation of our God. That is the meaning I have found. That is the meaning of life. We are here because we are children of God, and He loves us. We are here to turn to God and be raised up. We are here to become gods. That is my testimony, and my meaning.
	  
</letter>

<post-script>
    By the way, we haven't run out of toilet paper. 
    I think the next generation is always going to wonder why this generation is so concerned about toilet paper and staying 6 feet from others.
    There is a great realm of memery and parody that will stem form this era.
</post-script>